Burn in flow_run_id, remote_url, sha into package meta data (#1577)
conda-forge/conda-smithy: news/burn_in_ids.rst

**Added:**

* Add flow_run_id (CI provider specific), remote_url and sha as extra-meta data to packages.
  Enables tracing back packages to a specific commit in a feedstocks and to a specifc CI run.
  When packages are built using build-locally.py only GIT_SHA1 will have a non-empty value.

>   Requires conda-build >=3.21.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Requires conda-build >=3.21.8. (#1577)
```

> * Add flow_run_id (CI provider specific), remote_url and sha as extra-meta data to packages.
>   Enables tracing back packages to a specific commit in a feedstocks and to a specifc CI run.
>   When packages are built using build-locally.py only GIT_SHA1 will have a non-empty value.
>   Requires conda-build >=3.21.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `flow_run_id` (CI provider specific), `remote_url` and `sha` as extra-meta data to packages.
  Enables tracing back packages to a specific commit in a feedstock and to a specific CI run.
  When packages are built using `build-locally.py` only `sha` will have a non-empty value.
  Requires `conda-build >=3.21.8`. (#1577)
```
